Provides some documentation and fixes some typos. (#322)
scireum/sirius-biz: src/main/java/sirius/biz/analytics/reports/README.md

# Report Helpers

> Provides some helper classes for create and display a table / report based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides some helper classes for creating and displaying a table / report based on
```
